Here are two versions of the same application, one for Microsoft Windows platform and another for Android platform. The purpose is to compare the relative performance of smartphones and laptop computers. Both versions are basically the same program, which is developed first for windows and then ported to Andoroid, same time editing both versions to keep the code as close as possible the same. Please keep in mind that these programs are under development phase and that they are buggy. Windows version is (almost) stable, but Android still has some threading issues, which can cause crash when opening a CAD file. However, you can safely run them, but don't be surprised if they won't work on your machine or a crash happens. BTW, if you have some smart phone or computer where you cannot get it running even if you try several times, I'd like to hear what's your device. Anyway, when you have both a working Android and a Windows application, you probably get amazed how effective an average Android phone can be compared to the laptops.

The application could be described as a hybrid of an electric book, 3D CAD viewer and HTML browser. There are separate windows for viewing 3D scene and web pages. You can print documents and CAD images and mark bookmarks to open the application lately to the same position you had when you made a bookmark. You can run simulations, click links and choose objects. But you cannot add your own HTLM or CAD files or modify existing ones: this is prevented by a checksum.

So, the appication has two libraries, libKirjasto1.so or RunOpengl.dll and libKirjasto2.so or Teksti.dll, which both are available only in binary form. Actually the only source code available is the java-code belonging to the Android version. You need to compile the Android project by Android Studio to get an android version of this application, but Windows version is delivered as a setup program. One of the two libraries uses Opengl 5.0 or Opengl es 3.2 to show a 3D scene in a window, and another library is using API functions of the operating system to draw text and other objects to the canvas.

Thank you for your time!
